Implemented New MK_COMBINED Functionality (#9557)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_mouse_keys.md

## Configuring mouse keys

Mouse keys supports three different modes to move the cursor:

* **Accelerated (default):** Holding movement keys accelerates the cursor until it reaches its maximum speed.
* **Constant:** Holding movement keys moves the cursor at constant speeds.

> * **Combined:** Holding movement keys accelerates the cursor until it reaches its maximum speed, but holding accelleration and movement keys simultaneously moves the cursor at constant speeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Combined:** Holding movement keys accelerates the cursor until it reaches its maximum speed, but holding acceleration and movement keys simultaneously moves the cursor at constant speeds.
```

|`MK_W_INTERVAL_1`    |120          |Time between scroll steps (`KC_ACL1`)      |
|`MK_W_OFFSET_2`      |1            |Scroll steps per scroll action (`KC_ACL2`) |
|`MK_W_INTERVAL_2`    |20           |Time between scroll steps (`KC_ACL2`)      |

### Combined mode

> This mode functions like **Accellerated** mode, however, you can hold `KC_ACL0`, `KC_ACL1` and `KC_ACL2`
> to momentarily (while held) set the cursor and scroll speeds to constant speeds. When no accelleration
> keys are held, this mode is identical to **Accellerated** mode, and can be modified using all of the
> relevant settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode functions like **Accelerated** mode, however, you can hold `KC_ACL0`, `KC_ACL1` and `KC_ACL2`
to momentarily (while held) set the cursor and scroll speeds to constant speeds. When no acceleration
keys are held, this mode is identical to **Accelerated** mode, and can be modified using all of the
relevant settings.
```

> * **KC_ACL0:** This accelleration sets your cursor to the slowest possible speed. This is useful for very
> small and detailed movements of the cursor.
> * **KC_ACL1:** This accelleration sets your cursor to half the maximum (user defined) speed.
> * **KC_ACL1:** This accelleration sets your cursor to the maximum (computer defined) speed. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **KC_ACL0:** This acceleration sets your cursor to the slowest possible speed. This is useful for very
small and detailed movements of the cursor.
* **KC_ACL1:** This acceleration sets your cursor to half the maximum (user defined) speed.
* **KC_ACL2:** This acceleration sets your cursor to the maximum (computer defined) speed. This is
```

> useful for moveing the cursor large distances without much accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useful for moving the cursor large distances without much accuracy.
```
